Add some config entry docs (#5808)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/config_entries.html.md

only one global entry is supported.

```hcl
Kind = "proxy-defaults"
Name = "global"
Config {
   local_connect_timeout_ms = 1000
   handshake_timeout_ms = 10000
}
```

* `Kind` - Must be set to `proxy-defaults`

* `Name` - Must be set to `global`

* `Config` - An arbitrary map of configuration values used by Connect proxies. See

#### Proxy Configuration References

* [Consul's Builtin Proxy](/docs/connect/configuration.html#built-in-proxy-options)
* [Envoy](/docs/connect/proxies/envoy.html#bootstrap-configuration)

### Service Defaults - `service-defaults`

Service defaults control default global values for a service, such as its protocol.

```hcl
Kind = "service-defaults"
Name = "web"
Protocol = "http"
```

* `Kind` - Must be set to `service-defaults`

* `Name` - Set to the name of the service being configured.

* `Protocol` - Sets the protocol of the service. This is used by Connect proxies for things like observability features.

## Applying Configuration Entries

There are two ways to introduce new configuration entries to Consul. The first way is to use either the [API](/api/config.html) or [CLI](/docs/commands/config.html) to manage

> them in a running cluster. The second way is by placing inlined configuration entry definitions into the Consul server's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them in a running cluster. The second way is by placing them inlined configuration entry definitions into the Consul server's
```

> [configuration file](/docs/agent/options.html#config_entries_bootstrap).

Reviewer 2: nit: can be done later but I almost want to point not even talk about "two ways". But rather "You manage these via API, also as a convenience for initial cluster bootstrap there's this other thing". Do you think it's worth phrasing it that way now?

### Managing Configuration Entries with the Consul CLI

> Configuration entries should usually managed with the Consul [CLI](/docs/commands/config.html). The `consul config` command has four subcommands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration entries should be managed with the Consul [CLI](/docs/commands/config.html). The `consul config` command has four subcommands
```

for managing the entries: `write`, `read`, `list` and `delete`.

#### Creating or Updating a Configuration Entry

The [`consul config write`](/docs/commands/config/write.html) command is used to create and update configuration entries. This command
will load either a JSON or HCL file holding the configuration entry definition and then will push this configuration to Consul.

Example HCL Configuration File - `proxy-defaults.hcl`:

```hcl
Kind = "proxy-defaults"
Name = "global"
Config {
   local_connect_timeout_ms = 1000
   handshake_timeout_ms = 10000
}
```

Then to apply this configuration, run:

```bash

> > consul config write proxy-defaults.hcl

Reviewer 2: nit: I feel like we tend to use `$` as a prompt (I do anyway) but not sure if that is true or if it matters.

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Configuration Entry Definitions"
sidebar_current: "docs-agent-config-entries"
description: |-
  Consul allows storing configuration entries centrally to be used as defaults for configuring other aspects of Consul.
---

# Configuration Entries

Configuration entries can be created to provide cluster-wide defaults for various aspects of Consul. Every configuration
entry has at least two fields: `Kind` and `Name`. Those two fields are used to uniquely identify a configuration entry.
When put into configuration files, configuration entries can be specified as HCL or JSON objects.

Example:

```hcl
Kind = "<supported kind>"
Name = "<name of entry>"
```

Other `Kind` specific fields will be detailed below.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: I might put this at the end. I think it could flow nicely from, "Config entries provide defaults for aspects of Consul" to "currently the supported Config entry types are for services and proxies" 

Within each config entry type you already have some examples, so ending with usage with a bigger example would be good.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Maybe re-title this be more descriptive? Examples: "Use Case Example(s)", "Using Centralized Configs"...

When the agent is [configured](/docs/agent/options.html#enable_central_service_config) to enable central service configurations,
it will look for service configuration defaults that match a registering service instance. If it finds any, the agent will merge
those defaults with the service instance configuration. This allows for things like service protocol or proxy configuration to

> be defined globally and inherited by any affect service registrations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
be defined globally and inherited by any affected service registrations.
```

> be defined globally and inherited by any affected service registrations.

Reviewer 2: This section is OK for now but it's only really relevant to `service-defaults` and `proxy-defaults`. For example if we start managing central UI config this way then this section is a bit confusing.

Can we generalize this to just talk about how to define and apply them (links to commands and bootstrap config) and note that the actual effect each kind has is specific?

## Configuration Entry Kinds

### Proxy Defaults - `proxy-defaults`

> Proxy defaults allow for configuring global config defaults across all services for Connect proxy configuration. Currently,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proxy defaults allow for configuring global defaults that apply to all Connect proxies in the cluster. Currently,
```

only one global entry is supported.

```hcl
Kind = "proxy-defaults"
Name = "global"
Config {

>    proxy_specific_value = "foo"

Reviewer: Could we have a more realistic example? Would it be possible to link to the config options for proxy defaults?

Reviewer: I agree sometimes more general is better, but I think for something so new a concrete example can be more helpful.

}
```

* `Kind` - Must be set to `proxy-defaults`

* `Name` - Must be set to `global`

> * `Config` - An arbitrary map of configuration values used by Connect proxies.

Reviewer 2: Lets link to the Envoy config in #5809 and the built-in proxy config options at https://www.consul.io/docs/connect/configuration.html#built-in-proxy-options

### Service Defaults - `service-defaults`

> Service defaults control default global values for a service, such as its protocol.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Service defaults control default values for a service, such as its protocol.
```

I would remove `global` here because it means something else than in the paragraph above.

> ```hcl

Reviewer: Same comments from the proxy default section, more realistic example and config options. Are these options https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/agent/structs/service_definition.go#L16?

Kind = "service-defaults"
Name = "web"
Protocol = "http"
```

* `Kind` - Must be set to `service-defaults`

* `Name` - Set to the name of the service being configured.

> * `Protocol` - Sets the protocol of the service. This is used by Connect proxies for things like observability features.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `Protocol` - Sets the protocol of the service. This is used by Connect proxies for observability features.
```

> * `Protocol` - Sets the protocol of the service. This is used by Connect proxies for observability features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Protocol` - Sets the protocol of the service. This is used by Connect proxies to configure protocol-appropriate features.
```

Note that it's not only observability - it changes the way we load balance (per request vs per connection) and will enable routing, retries and other L7 features etc.

## Bootstrapping

> Configuration entries can be bootstrapped by putting them into the Consul server's [configuration file](/docs/agent/options.html#config_entries_bootstrap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration entries can be bootstrapped by putting them into all the Consul server's [configuration file](/docs/agent/options.html#config_entries_bootstrap).
```

> Each entry is embedded inline within the configuration and when that server gains leadership it will attempt to intialize that

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Each entry is embedded inline within the configuration and when that server gains leadership it will attempt to initialize that
```

> Each entry is embedded inline within the configuration and when that server gains leadership it will attempt to initialize that

Reviewer: This sentence is a little hard to read. I believe we (Judith and Kyle) updated a similar sentence in one of Kyle's PRs. I can help reword this later if the other PR language doesn't work.

Reviewer: How does this sound? Did it lose any meaning?

"Configuration entries can be bootstrapped by adding them inline to each Consul server’s configuration file. When a server gains leadership, it will attempt to initialize the configuration entries. If a configuration entry does not already exist outside of the servers configuration, then it will create it. If a configuration entry does exist, that matches both `kind` and `name`, then the server will do nothing."

Author: Sounds great to me.

configuration entry with the desired values if it does not exist. If a configuration entry with the same kind and name already exists

> nothing will be done for that entry.

Reviewer 2: Suggest we highlight this along side a high-level example of using the CLI to configure things maybe above in the Usage section or somewhere else.

Overall I think we should make it clear that the intended UX is the CLI/API one but this is an alternative that makes some initial bootstrapping tasks a bit easier.

Reviewer: Including a more complete example, even if its high level, would be great! It would also be more consistent with the other docs in this section.

Reviewer: If we add information on adding it with API/CLI, I recommend having it appear before the config file info since its the recommended way.

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Configuration Entry Definitions"
sidebar_current: "docs-agent-cfg_entries"
description: |-
  Consul allows storing configuration entries centrally to be used as defaults for configuring other aspects of Consul.
---

# Configuration Entries

Configuration entries can be created to provide cluster-wide defaults for various aspects of Consul. Every configuration
entry has at least two fields: `Kind` and `Name`. Those two fields are used to uniquely identify a configuration entry.
When put into configuration files, configuration entries can be specified as HCL or JSON objects.

Example:

```hcl
Kind = "<supported kind>"
Name = "<name of entry>"
```

> Other `Kind` specific fields will be detailed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two supported `Kind` configuration entries are detailed below.
```
